[Go] move strings -> strings-advanced and add new strings exercise (#2033)
exercism/v3: languages/go/exercises/concept/strings-advanced/.docs/instructions.md

In this exercise you'll be processing log-lines.

Each log line is a string formatted as follows: `"[<LEVEL>]: <MESSAGE>"`.

There are three different log levels:

- `INFO`
- `WARNING`
- `ERROR`

You have three tasks, each of which will take a log line and ask you to do something with it.

## 1. Get message from a log line

> Implement a method to return a log line's message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `Message` function to return a log line's message:
```

```go
Message("[ERROR]: Invalid operation")
// Returns: "Invalid operation"
```

Any leading or trailing white space should be removed:

```go
Message("[WARNING]:  Disk almost full\r\n")
// Returns: "Disk almost full"
```

## 2. Get the message length in characters

> Implement a method to return a log line's message length:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `LogLevel function to return a log line's message length:
```

```go
Strings.LogLevel("[ERROR]: Invalid operation \n")
// Returns: 17
```

## 3. Get log level from a log line

> Implement a method to return a log line's log level, which should be returned in lowercase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the `LogLevel` function to return a log line's log level, which should be returned in lowercase:
```

```go
Strings.LogLevel("[ERROR]: Invalid operation")
// Returns: "error"
```

> ## 4. Reformat a log line

Reviewer: Is this still a useful task if the new strings exercise already explores formatting strings?

Author: I haven't really rethought the strings-advanced exercise. It will need an overhaul and also probably get some more advanced stuff. Another PR ;)

> Implement a method that reformats the log line, putting the message first and the log level after it in parentheses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `Reformat` function that reformats the log line, putting the message first and the log level after it in parentheses:
```
